- [Instructor] In order to be successful in this course,
there are a few prerequisites in both knowledge and software
that you need to be prepared for.
First and foremost on the list of requirements
for this course is the Java programming language.
While Spring does indeed support using Kotlin and Groovy,
we will focus on using Java.
I expect you to have at least an intermediate knowledge
of the Java programming language.
We won't be going into any deep or complex data structures
or programming constructs, but you will need to be able
to hold your own from a development perspective.
We will be building applications
using the Spring Cloud projects,
so our focus on Java will be quick and mostly ignored,
so you will need to keep up on your own.
For this course,
we will be using the Java Development Kit version 11.
You need to ensure that you have a JDK installed
on your machine and not just a JRE,
installing this from either OpenJDK or Oracle.
Either one has detailed instructions
for your operating system.
And if you need to install a JDK, follow those instructions.
Finally, on the Java front,
I ask that you have experience running Java applications
either from the command line or via your IDE.
I will for the most part be using my IDE
to run the applications
because the IDE that I use has a nice dashboard
for running multiple applications at once.
However, that isn't a requirement.
As long as you can open a terminal
and execute the run commands for a Java application,
package it as a JAR, you will be fine.
This course is a Spring course,
so there is an expectation of knowledge
of the Spring Framework.
Basic knowledge is sufficient for this course.
While we will be focusing on Spring Cloud,
we will rely heavily on other parts of the Spring Framework
to build our applications to show how Spring Cloud works.
If you feel that you want a quick refresher on Spring,
I have a course here on LinkedIn Learning
called Learning Spring with Spring Boot,
as well as Spring Boot 2 Essential Training.
The basics of understanding should be enough
to move through this course, but I will move rather fast
through the basic Spring constructs.
If you are not super comfortable with Spring,
I would encourage you to run
through some of my other courses on the framework.
On the same note, I expect you to know
how Spring Boot itself functions.
Tasks like configuration and auto-configuration
will be mostly ran through quickly
for basic Spring constructs.
Again, if you need a refresher,
check out the other courses that I have on Spring.
Some of the other Spring packages that we will look at
in this course are Spring Data, Spring MVC,
and the using of RestTemplate to make web service calls.
Most of the use of these constructs
will be pretty straightforward,
and we will give it a pretty cursory look.
But any previous knowledge will be very helpful.
Again, we touch on most of this
in my other courses that I previously mentioned.
Microservices are a way of building applications such
that they can be decomposed into smaller units of work.
Spring Cloud thrives in a microservices architecture.
And as such, there is a need for us
to look at microservices in more depth.
Most of these topics are covered in depth
in my course Microservices Foundations here
on the LinkedIn Learning catalog.
One of the first basic things you should understand
is the concept of domains and domain-driven development.
We will be building microservices-based applications
using domain constructs.
As such, an understanding of them
will help you move forward in this course.
Part of that understanding will help accept
why Spring Cloud can be so needed
in a microservices-based architecture.
You should understand why microservices are so powerful
in a cloud made of architecture as well.
And as such, this knowledge will help you understand
why we are building applications
in this way for this course.
Furthermore, I ask that you understand scaling
in systems as a whole, specifically horizontal scaling.
12-factor application methodologies are designed
for cloud native applications.
I have a course on LinkedIn Learning specifically
on understanding 12-factor application development.
I encourage you to check it out.
I would like you to know the basics
of 12-factor applications from the perspective
of what they mean for application development
of cloud native applications.
The details of each factor are not critical for this course,
but they will be critical for you
in building cloud native applications after this course.
For the purposes of this course,
you should understand the drive
behind using externalized configuration.
This knowledge will be integral to understanding the reasons
behind the framework we will set up
from Netflix in our runtime.
You should also understand the benefits
of service discovery in a microservices architecture.
We will be leveraging constructs again from Netflix
to build this out.
The last of the requirements from the this course comes
from the software that you will need
to have installed on your machine.
As we have already discussed, you will need a JDK installed.
You will also need to have Apache Maven.
You can get instructions for installing Apache Maven
directly from the Apache website.
You should also have an IDE installed.
Now, you can obviously write all of your code
with a text editor, but I wouldn't advise it.
Understand your IDE and how to use it effectively.
I will be using IntelliJ Ultimate Edition for development,
and it may have some features
that you need to find in your own IDE,
but most of them available
on the market have the same feature set via plugins.
I will also be using Google Chrome as a browser
to show various service calls.
And to make the JSON a little bit more clean,
I use a plugin for JSON viewing.
I also use a tool called HTTPie as a replacement for cURL
to execute web calls from the terminal,
but this tool is completely optional,
and cURL will work just fine if you're comfortable with it.
So now let's get going with Spring Cloud.